CIE-4177. Added topic for security hardening. (#630)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/configuration-bundle/configuring-security.md

---
weight: 10
title: Configuring security
layout: redirect
---

The Edge appliance is security hardened by default.
Furthermore, there are certain security configurations that you can apply to enhance the security of the Edge appliance.

> {{< c8y-admon-important >}}For information about Deployment seurity best practices and Tenant administration security configuration guidelines, see <a href="/files/edge/10-13-0_Security_Hardening_Guidelines_guide.pdf" target="_blank">Security Hardening Guidelines</a>.{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-important >}}
For information about deployment security best practices and tenant administration security configuration guidelines, see <a href="/files/edge/10-13-0_Security_Hardening_Guidelines_guide.pdf" target="_blank">Security Hardening Guidelines</a>.
{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}
```

---
weight: 10
title: Configuring security
layout: redirect
---

The Edge appliance is security hardened by default.

> Furthermore, there are certain security configurations that you can apply to enhance the security of the Edge appliance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you can apply specific security configurations to enhance the security of you Edge appliance.
```

    |<div style="width:100px">Configuration</div>|Category|Parameter|Description
    |:---|:---|:---|:---
    |Operating system|SELinux|**SELinux mode**|SELinux secures the operating system from unprivileged actions of confined users. When enabled, SELinux has two modes: permissive and enforcing.<br><br>**permissive**: In the permissive mode, SELinux policy is not enforced. The system remains operational and SELinux does not deny any operations but only logs AVC messages, which can be then used for troubleshooting, debugging, and SELinux policy improvements. Each AVC is logged only once in this case.<br><br>**enforcing**: In the enforcing mode, it enforces the SELinux policy and denies access based on SELinux policy rules.<br><br>{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

>     In the enforcing mode, you cannot access the Edge appliance remotely through VNC.<br>{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}<br>Default value: permissive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the enforcing mode, you cannot access the Edge appliance remotely through VNC.
    {{< /c8y-admon-important >}}<br>Default value: permissive
```
indentation inside admonition blocks is rendered, unfortunately.

    ||SSH|**SSH enabled**|Enables or disables the SSH functionality of the Edge appliance. By default, the SSH functionality is enabled.<br><br>Changing the value to false disables the SSH functionality. When disabled, you will not be able to SSH into the Edge appliance, locally or remotely.<br><br>Default value: True
    ||Session inactivity|**Login sessions inactivity timeout (seconds)**|The idle duration before a user session is terminated. When configured, the user session terminates after the specified idle duration.<br><br>Default value: 600 seconds<br>Minimum value: 0<br>
    ||Audit logging|**Audit logging enabled**|Enables or disables audit logging. By default, audit logging is disabled. A value of true enables audit logging. Enabling audit logging increases the consumption of disk space.<br><br>{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

>     Once enabled, you cannot disable the audit logging configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled, you cannot disable the audit logging configuration.
```
